o Kernel upgradation.
o Applying Support Packs and add-on installation via SPAM/SAINT/SUM.
o Background Job management: Defining Background job and monitoring the job Status and restarting the terminated jobs, Scheduling SAP Housekeeping Jobs.
o Profile Parameter Maintenance.
o Configuring Operation Modes.
o Spool Administration.
o Daily Monitoring and Performance troubleshooting of SAP Systems. (ECC, BW, SCM, SRM, PO, EH&S, MDM, Fiori, GRC, TREX, Solman, CRM, etc)
o Configuring Logon Load Balancing
o Importing Languages into SAP system.
o Performing client administration like client creation, client copy, client export and import, remote client copy and assigning logical system name to client.
o Configuring RFC Connection using SM59.
o Configuring SAP Transport Routes using STMS.
o Change Request Management: Releasing Task and Change Request Change the Owner of the Task and Change Request.
o Importing the Transport Request Using STMS_IMPORT, Manually Importing the Transport Request Using TP at OS level.
o Taking Database Backup using BRTOOLS and DB13.
o Table space Administration: Checking for space problems in table space, removing unnecessary files from OS and adding data file to table space using BRTOOLS.
o Performing Homogenous system copy.
o Locking & unlocking of Users and T-codes.
o System performance alerting, System Availability monitoring (ABAP / Portal).
o HANA patching and components upgrade.
o Experienced in SAP Web Dispatcher, SAC and CPI-DS.
o Hands on with HANA1.0 and HANA2.0.
o Worked on Oracle, SQL, MAXDB and HANA database including DB parameter tuning, SYS/DB refresh.
o SAP HANA Platform Administration
o Conversant with Certificate Authentication/SSL Configuration.
o SAP LT Replication Server Administration.
o Configuration of Solution Manager 7.1/7.2
o Administration of SAP Content Server and Repositories.
o SAP Printer configuration and troubleshooting.
o Configuring SAP Transport paths and troubleshooting Transport issues.
o Experience on SNOW, HPALM ticketing tools.
o Performance tuning, interface troubleshooting, etc.
o Administering ALE, Idoc.
o Incident/ problem management.
o OSS (Incidents, SAP Notes implementation, Standard modification).
o Worked on Solman configurations like Central monitoring, ChARM, Managed system configuration, Wily Introscope.
o Worked on complex SAP Landscape, involving new dimension products, on cluster environment with HA enablement, etc
o System refreshes and transport management.
o Good exposure on SAP Basis on Oracle, SQL Server, HANA Databases on Unix/Windows platforms.
o Experience working with portal system and Java stack administration.
o Experience working with application specific basis activities on PI / BW / APO / Live Cache.
o Weekly VM Patching and ABAP System Maintenance activity.
o Manage SAP on Linux.
o MS Office Intermediate level.
o Hand on experience in SAP S/4 HANA
o Administration of 3rd party tool like Live-Compare, Gold Client, Uperfoam, Approva, GTS, etc
o Management of 3rd party Job scheduler tool like TIDAL, Cronacle, etc
o Creating Developer/ Object Keys.
o Start and Stop of SAP and Oracle Applications.
o Print Server Migration Project
o Maintaining audit requirements.
o Steered collaboration with clients and system owners to effectively analyse and improve system performance.
o 100 % SLA compliance in project.
